README.md, before:

# Nava Mockup
## Prompt
The Centers for Medicare and Medicaid (CMS) is the client. It's a large federal
agency that provides health coverage to more than 100 million people through
Medicare, Medicaid, the Children's Health Insurance Program (CHIP), and the
Health Insurance Marketplace (healthcare.gov). CMS manages and operates the
healthcare.gov website, where millions of U.S. residents who need to purchase
private health insurance can shop for and enroll in a plan.
CMS has asked your team to roughly prototype a responsive Marketplace page
that lists household members, based on the mockup below.


## `Technologies Used`

- HTML5
- CSS3
- JavaScript
- React
- [Invisionapp](https://www.invisionapp.com/inside-design/design-resources/do/)
- [CMS design system](https://design.cms.gov/?theme=core)

## `Screenshots`

### Wireframe

![Marketplace Mockup wireframe](/public/imgs/wireframe.jpg)
![Design kit](/public/imgs/designkit.png)

### Working site

#### Desktop

![Working Site Desktop](/public/imgs/workingsite.png)

#### Mobile

![Working Site Mobile](/public/imgs/workingsitemobile.png)

## `Getting Started`

[Edit on StackBlitz ⚡️](https://stackblitz.com/edit/react-ecfxjf)

Commit message:

added ReadMe blurb and working images

README.md, after:

# Nava Mockup

## Prompt

The Centers for Medicare and Medicaid (CMS) is the client. It's a large federal
agency that provides health coverage to more than 100 million people through
Medicare, Medicaid, the Children's Health Insurance Program (CHIP), and the
Health Insurance Marketplace (healthcare.gov). CMS manages and operates the
healthcare.gov website, where millions of U.S. residents who need to purchase
private health insurance can shop for and enroll in a plan.
CMS has asked your team to roughly prototype a responsive Marketplace page
that lists household members, based on the mockup below.
![Actual Mockup Screenshot](/public/imgs/screenshotmockup.png)

Despite not being too familiar with the framework React I chose it because I want to become better at using it. Practice makes perfect. I remembered it being my favorite during bootcamp as well as the most challenging. I've spent the last year working with PHP so I wanted to refresh my skills with React. working with components.

I aslo decided to work with the CMS design system since it's one of the libraries Nava uses often. I've briefly used Boostrap and SASS while working at my previus job and during my Bootcamp.

## `Technologies Used`

- HTML5
- CSS3
- JavaScript
- React
- [CMS design system](https://design.cms.gov/?theme=core)
- [Invisionapp](https://www.invisionapp.com/inside-design/design-resources/do/)

## `Screenshots`

### Wireframe

![Marketplace Mockup wireframe](/public/imgs/wireframe.jpg)
![Design kit](/public/imgs/designkit.png)

### Working site

#### Desktop

![Working Site Desktop](/public/imgs/workingsite.png)

#### Mobile

![Working Site Mobile](/public/imgs/workingsitemobile.png)

## `Getting Started`

[Edit on StackBlitz ⚡️](https://stackblitz.com/edit/react-ecfxjf)
